MVT ARCHITECTURE
Model - It defines the data structure of application.
	It also helps in simplifying the interaction with database.
	You can create a class that helps to create tables and fields for your database.

Views - They are python functions and you can create them as classes.
	In this you will receive HTTP request and reflects HTTP response.

Templates - It is an HTML file which is mixed with some type of syntax that is used in Django.
       	    This allows you to dynamic generate content based on the data that is sent from view.


Django Framework -> URL -> VIEW   ->	Model      -> Data
					Template


URL Dispatcher - In this requests maps with further views.
Admin Interface - In this administrator mange and update data without creating views and interfaces.
Forms - In this user input and output done through forms.
Authorization - Secure with functionality.   
Authentication - Permissions and Sessions.




INSTALLATION

python -m venv myenv
myenv\Scripts\activate 
pip install django
django-admin --version
python -m django version
django-admin startproject myproject
cd myproject
python manage.py runserver
http://127.0.0.1:8000/
python manage.py startapp my_app





Django admin - It is built in command utility that shifts with django.
	       Its used for various administrative task in django project such as creating new projects, 
	       creating apps within a project, managing migrations, running the development server and more. 

Manage.py - This is command line utility which helps to manage your project in certain ways like it can help 
	    running in development of server, creation of migration and certain other aspects of projects.
	    It also creates folder inside the main folder.

Settings.py - The purpose of this file is to hold the configuration settings of your project like 
	      database settings, installed apps, middleware, static files and other configuration.

Url.py - This defines the url routing for your entire project.
	 This will help in mapping your url with views.

Wsgi.py - It stands for Web Server Gateway Interface.
	  It is used for running django application.
	  It is specific for deploying the django app on the production server.

Asgi.py - It is quite similar to Wsgi.py.
	  It is Asynchronous Gateway Interface.
	  It is specific for handling asynchronous code in django.












